content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Ahmed Bahnasy

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Masters of Informatics Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Masters Student @ Technical University of Munich / Part-time Data Scientist @ Allianz SE
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Deep Learning
- Graph Theory
- Algorithmic complexity

education:
  courses:
  - course: MSc in Informatics
    institution: Technical University of Munich
    year: 2019 - Present
  - course: BSc in Mechatronics Engineering
    institution: The German University in Cairo
    year: 2016

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/abahnasy
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

update about me section, adding two facebook and reddit links

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Ahmed Bahnasy

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Masters of Informatics Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Masters Student @ Technical University of Munich / Part-time Data Scientist @ Allianz SE
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Deep Learning
- Graph Theory
- Algorithmic complexity

education:
  courses:
  - course: MSc in Informatics
    institution: Technical University of Munich
    year: 2019 - Present
  - course: BSc in Mechatronics Engineering
    institution: The German University in Cairo
    year: 2016

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/abahnasy
- icon: reddit
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://reddit.com/u/abahnasy
- icon: facebook
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.facebook.com/abahnasy
# - icon: google-scholar
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/abahnasy
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

My name is Ahmed Bahnasy. I’m currently pursuing my masters degree in Machine Learning and Data Anaytics at The Technical University in Munich, Germany. I’m working also as part-time Data Scientist at Allianz SE. I’ve graduated from The German University in Cairo in 2016, with a bachelor of Science in Mechatronics Engineering. after graduation, I’ve joined an engineering services and consultancy company working in industerial automation for 7 months and then moved to Valeo, a multinational automotive tier-1 supplier as an embedded software engineer. in Spetember 2019, I resigned and left for Munich to pursue my masters.

I’ve great passion for oceans and marine life, that’s why I take diving as hobby, I’m an advanced open water certified diver from PADI and Im planning to enter the technical diving world to push the boundaries of my exploration in the marine life.

I spend most of my free time running, hiking when possible, improving my photography skills or reading about marine life, oceans, technical diving and diving theory.
